hey whats up youtube this is why we
found 5 and today i'm going to be
showing you how to jailbreak your iphone
2g 3g 3gs old bootrom and ipod touch 1g
2g not MC model with the program called
snowbreeze on the pc this programs
actually released a couple weeks ago but
i just got it to work on my pc tonight
so i thought i'd shoot this video so to
download I hate to download snowbreeze
you're under this website I hate snow
and the link will be in the description
then you just click download and it'll
download will bring you to a site and
i'll just say click here to download
it'll start downloading for you then
what you're going to have to do to
download the firmware just go to this
website that's also going in the
description this is why i download on my
farm words from guys you need to go down
to your device and you need to select
obviously the three-point 1.3 firmware
because this is a three point one point
three jailbreak and when you download it
it's going to download as a zip file
you're just gonna have to rename the
you're just gonna have to delete the dot
CIP file part and now it should already
be named ipsw gip just delete the dot
CIP so denton is ipsw i always get that
confused okay now we're going to need to
do is we need to run the actual program
snowbreeze click this okay it just means
that you can read now we're going to
click next we're going to get an expert
mode continue browse for a firmware that
we download it and here's my new need to
select the three-point 1.3 firmware
click open let's go to process it
okay guys I know this is where the snow
breas differs from pwnage tool porn
store you can jailbreak your device even
if it wasn't previously jailbroken but
you have to already be jailbroken in
order to do this which kind of sucks so
we click i understand click next and
then it's going to start creating your
firmware on outside just k now we have
to click general click Next well I don't
need to activate my phone so just click
Next okay soon where that sorry guys
click Next again if you want to install
rock also just click on that I don't
want to just leaving cydia checked skip
this this is where you can choose your
boot logos in your recovery levels if
you want them leave my checked if you
don't want them just uncheck them now
we're going to click build ipsw file and
click Next it's going to take a little
while to build your firmware your IP at
your custom ipsw it's faster than pwnage
tool though when it's done it's going to
tell you it's going to say done and it's
going to all tell you what you do to get
your device into dfu mode and ready for
restore so we click out of this because
i already have my firm work this is my
firmware file its going to create it to
say snowbreeze underscore whatever your
device is mine says 3gs now which one do
you want to put your device in dfu mode
if you don't know how to do that the
steps will be in the description look my
iphone in it is in dfu mode now what we
want to do since we're on a pc we want
to click shift and then press the
restore button we're going to navigate
to where our firmware file is after that
you can click open and you're going to
let it restore and do its thing
so I'm after it's done restoring guys
you should be jailbroken a three point
one point three no problem it's not
going to update your modem firmware from
what is it five point 11 point 07 so
that what that means is you have to be
on 3.1 point2 to do this job work and
you cannot be on three point one point
three already there is no jailbreak if
you're already on three point one point
three there's never going to be one
which kind of sucks so anyways guys let
this restore and do its thing and not
you guys should be good to go after this
so I hope this video helped you get us
jailbreak your iphone 2g 3g 3gs old
bootrom and ipod touch 1g 2g not MC
model the only thing is the only catch
to it is you have to be on 341 points 2
jailbroken already sooo guys I'll see
you guys in the next video so ah Who fan
5 or it comes bad piece